ActualWord	PredictedWord	Confidence	TestDescription
accept	accept		Description: One hand forms a flat hand at the chest. The palm taps the upper chest once with brief contact.
account	account		Description: Two hands form pointing handshapes in the neutral space in front of the chest. The hands move towards each other and then pull …
bad	bad		Description: One hand, with the index finger and thumb pinched together, is held in the neutral space in front of the face. The hand moves s…
bank	bank		Description: Two hands, one flat and one a thumbs-up, are positioned in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. The right thumbs-up hand …
bite	bite		Description: Two hands form an open shape with bent fingers in neutral space. The right hand moves over the back of the stationary left hand…
body	body		Description: Two hands, with thumbs and pinkies extended from fists, are positioned near the upper chest. The thumbs make contact with the u…
bond	group		Two hands form open, slightly curved shapes in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. The hands start apart and move towards each other …
bone	chain		Description: Two hands form a pinch shape in the neutral space in front of the chest. The hands move towards each other, the fingertips link…
chain	chain		Description: Two hands form a pinch shape in the neutral space in front of the chest. The hands move towards each other, the fingertips link…
check	check		Description: One hand, with the index and middle fingers extended and separated, is held near the face. The hand moves forward and downward …
chubby	chubby		Description: Two hands with open, curved fingers are held in the space near the sides of the head. The hands simultaneously move inwards tow…
closed	bond		Description: Two hands form open, flat handshapes in the neutral space in front of the chest. The hands move towards each other until the fi…
cook	order		Description: One hand forms a pinch shape in the neutral space. The hand moves forward as the tips of the index finger and thumb come togeth…
count	bone		Description: One hand with slightly spread fingers is held in neutral space. The fingertips and thumb move together to meet at a single poin…
cry	bad		Description: One hand, with the index and middle fingers extended together, is held near the face. The hand moves downwards from the upper l…
doll	group		Two hands form open, slightly curved shapes in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. The hands start apart and move towards each other …
dot	dot		Description: One hand forms a pinch with the index finger and thumb in neutral space near the shoulder. The hand moves forward and back in a…
ear	ear		Description: One hand forms a pinch shape near the side of the head. The hand moves to the ear and briefly grasps the earlobe.
eat	eat		Description: One hand forms a pinch shape near the face. The hand moves upward, and the fingertips tap the chin once.
face	face		Description: One hand forms a pinch shape near the face. The pinched fingers tap the temple, then move downward to tap the side of the throa…
family	family		Description: Two hands form open, slightly cupped shapes in neutral space. The hands begin close together with palms facing each other, then…
foot	massage		Description: Two hands form flat palms in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. The right palm is placed on top of the back of the left…
group	pressure		Description: Two hands, one a point and one a fist, are used at the head and in neutral space. The right pointing hand starts at the temple,…
help	chain		Description: Two hands form a pinch shape in the neutral space in front of the chest. The hands move towards each other, the fingertips link…
listen	listen		Description: One hand forms an open, cupped shape near the head. The hand moves up to the side of the head and cups behind the ear without m…
massage	massage		Description: Two hands form flat palms in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. The right palm is placed on top of the back of the left…
medical	medical		Description: Two hands, one an open palm and the other a pointing hand, are positioned in the neutral space in front of the abdomen. With th…
necklace	necklace		Description: One open hand is used on the chest and abdomen. The hand starts flat on the upper chest and rubs downwards in a single motion t…
order	eat		Description: One hand forms a pinch shape near the face. The hand moves upward, and the fingertips tap the chin once.
pressure	pressure		Description: Two hands form a pinch shape at the temples. The hands make brief contact, then move forward while closing into fists.
